
bpb	

	What is a pbp
		when to use a powersupply 
			adjustable voltage source 
				batteryes can be used, but not ajustable, it is like always having the correct battery at hand.  

			adjustable current source 
				driving LEDs 
				
			vlotage and current meater 
				no need for alway using two multimeters
				
			protection
				avoid damaging circuits by limiting current and voltage spikes under fault conditions
				the powersupply can handle bad circuits. 
					not damaged by shorted cables 
				 
				
		why would you want it to be portable 
			out doors projects 
				cars
				can catch fire projects 
				on bord an rc cars/drones/bouts 
			take it home from work 
				use it when youre dinner table needs to be reclassified as a electornics lab for a fiew deays 
				use it to power youre sdk when sitting in your living room coutch writing some firmware 
			around the house 
				do not have a powerssource close at hand when testing out youre dyi window opening system? use a pbp 
			at the factory floor 
				
			when on public transportation 
				Spending long time trains, why not add a pbp to youre portable lab suitcase? 
			store it in a drawr 
				do youre kids not have there own electonics labs, but do like to do sience esperiments from time to time? 
		
		other benefits of a battery 
			can deliver high power peaks with smal input current. 
				a normal usb port can delviver 2.5W, the battery can delviver 200W in short periodes. 
				the powersupply need only the size of the avrage power draw, not the peak
			Can be truly isolated form the grid. 
				no ground loops 
				noice isolation 
				only low voltage levels making it imposible to be electrocuted 
					can savely be used close to water 
						electorlysis of water 
						rc boat tesing 
				
		
		specs 
			copy form wiki 
		
		bye one 
			stil in development but register here, and you will be notified when they avialbel 
		
		build youre own 
			here (link) you can find a description of how to build youre own unint. let me know if the documentation is uncleare or you have made a improvment that shuld be implemented in the main branch. 
	
		the open source project 
				all documentation is part of this project 
				link 
					
	timeline 
		read about the projec progress in the wiki blog 
		first fue units ready for sale by end of year 
		alpha units out by end of Q2





blue smoke 
	goles
		stay local
			suport development of rural envirements 
			
		stay small 
			low cost 
			personal suport 				
donations 
	posible to spend more time on crating opensource content 
		if all revinue is from sales all focus must be on producing units and suport of customers 
	send me a emali if you are intrested in making a donation 
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		